I have included two screenshots because so far I have had quite a bit
of difficulty when it comes to deciding on a design.

The Black and White screenshot is based on the idea that philosophy helps you
think through problems you face in life where the problem and answer may
not be clear (not in black and white). Philosophy helps you think about the
many nuances that can be found in everyday problems, both big and small.
The current screenshot shows my first attempt at this. I used the pen tool to
draw a line so that the word philosophy would follow the curve of the
dividing line in the middle. I also applied the difference effect to the
text layer so that then the text was on white it would be black and vice versa.
Right now my concern is that if I go with this design it will be too plain.
I want to figure out something else to add to spice up the design a bit. I also
will clean up the placement of the word philosophy in the middle and maybe
try out some different styles to see what I like best.

The Free Your Mind screenshot is in a much more basic layout right now with the
images and text just placed roughly where they would go on the screen with
little editing done yet. This idea is less developed but addresses the problem
in my first design, as it is not as bland. With this design there are a few more
things I would have to do before I could consider it complete. First I want to
add a background, most likely a picture from inside a library. I also want to
change how they key looks and put the text "philosokey" on it, because I think
that would be a pretty appropriate pun to help get my point across. I also would
clean up the other text on the screen and more cleanly layer the brain image and
the cage. There is a lot more work to be done with this idea, but it has a little
bit more going on than my other idea which may help it develop in the long run.

So in summary, these are my two ideas and really I just have to settle on one
and run with it. I have to decide between a more minimalist design and a busier
one, but one that is maybe a little more descriptive. 
